I have started the recording. Do we need transcription? We don't need any transcription. Can I turn it off? Wait. Okay. Oh, I can transcribe and record at the same time. Okay. Nice. Yeah. So let's move on. Nice to meet you. I'm Chris, your coach for next month, maybe years. It's nice to meet you. And first of all, how's your day? How are you doing? I'm doing pretty well. The weather is maybe not the best, but I am motivated to start this program. Okay. Great. So the first question for you, actually the second question, what are your SMART goals for the next, let's say, three months? What do you want to achieve with your diet, with your life, with your exercises? So for the next three months, I'm going to build muscles. I actually want to gain weight and also my priority is also being healthy all the time. So I want to also have good nutrition and sleep enough, as you can imagine, it's difficult. Great. That's nice to hear that you want to stay healthy. So we'll try to apply everything as much as possible to accomplish gaining weight, gaining gains, muscles. What is your motivation to exercise to gain muscles? So I think my biggest motivation are my friends who just told me that I should look better and I just want to gain much more muscles so I can like my body. And also I want to, you know, eat enough, eat like vitamins, so it will be beneficial for my body. That's my motivation. Okay, great. We'll make it happen, make you look good in front of your friends to get your goal accomplished. What are your expectations after three months? I guess that it's to actually change your body. Yes, that's my biggest expectation. For three months, six months, nine months of the program. Yes, I mean, like I know it's important to do it for a longer time so I can actually have a better result. Yeah, so I, you know, also during that process, I want to learn a lot. I don't only want to have a better body, but I also want to like learn how should I stay in that awesome form. Yeah, and what was the question? Okay, that's good. That's everything I want to hear. Next, next question, actually, next information that I need to get from you, general information about you. Okay, where are you from? How old are you? What's your weight? How high are you? How tall are you? Okay, so I am from a beautiful country, Poland, I'm 22 and I am single. I am a student. And that's the information you wanted, I guess. What about Julka? Julka is my friend. I'm going to wait because we need to send a letter to the co-workers. What's your lifestyle history? What are significant events in your life? When did you start training? When was your first thought, I need to do something with my body, I need to change something in my life. Yeah, tell me everything. So I've been training for five years and I started that in high school and I tried many sports, martial arts, running, gym. But, you know, like during all that time, it was I didn't have much results. So that's why I want to contact you and maybe have better results. OK, great. And what nutrition is most important for you? Do you feel right with the diet that you have right now or do you want to change anything? Also, what's your diet, how your usual breakfast looks like, how your usual lunch and dinner looks like? OK, so I eat a lot. On breakfast, I usually have Polish sausage and Polish sausages are really healthy, I believe. And also I eat a lot of protein, like actually I add protein to everything in the morning, in the evening, also during the day. And. I think that's the most important part of my diet, you know, like it's the most important nutrition, I believe, so I eat 300 protein per day, sometimes even 500. Yeah, I know that's a lot. OK, I'll ask how. I also eat vitamins, you know. Are you calculating your calories and nutrition during the day? I actually. Don't calculate them because I eat so much that it's difficult to remember what I eat. So, you know, that's why I need some smart solution, maybe which could help me to count the calories. OK, and what exercises do you do right now? I mean, what have you done this week as exercises? Yeah, so my week is pretty active, I am running every day. Also, I fight with people, I like martial arts, so usually I just do that. If I have good opponents, then it's nice to beat them. And yeah, basically, that's the most important, I think, you know, because sometimes I'm aggressive and I just want to, you know, fight. So I do martial arts and boxing and even sometimes sumo. Great, great to hear that you like beating people up. I don't know why you're laughing, like it's not funny. I'm not laughing, I'm just, you know, I'm just very sad, so I'm just crying. OK, I know. OK, what do you usually do for recovery, for relaxation? When you recover, training or if you want to relax? You know, like usually I just take a nap, take a beer and and chill in the bed. And I also like to nap usually. Four hours a day, every day. Four hours a day is just a nap? It's actually four short naps. Oh, OK. OK, and what about your mental health? Are you going to a psychiatrist? Psychiatrist, right? I think that's the private information, so I don't want to tell you that, but I I'm pretty happy all the time. I think I don't have mental problems, but, you know, sometimes I'm stressed, maybe because of the university and my job. OK, of course. So that's what we are going to discuss in the next meeting. Do you have any special circumstances?